There is a great deal of disrespect
No wonder you are so heavy.
Boy, you are a little scared
Just kneel down for me
I promise to give you pain
Li Shaoyao is still working
It's revenge for my son
This garbage is too scared to move
For the sake of brothers
I'll give you 10 seconds.
Take this beer from the director
I can save you from a thousand cuts
But your little slut has to be sold to the kiln
Otherwise it would be a pity
What kiln do you sell?
Let him accompany our four families
Is it okay for a family for a month?
Hahahaha
Although I know that I am stronger than this remnant everywhere
But there's one thing I've been jealous of since I was a kid
That he can have you
I can't
Mr. Li, that loser
I never let him control my daughter
He's naughty now.
Mr. Chen, you must not refuse Mr. Li's kindness
I like to die under torture so much
I didn't realize you were still a masochist
Brothers
I didn't expect you to be so stupid
Yixuan, who exactly gave you confidence?
Still feeding like a dog
I also want to ask who gave you this confidence
Just like that
Do you want to challenge me?